Update README.md (#288)
iptv-org/awesome-iptv: README.md

- [IPTVPLAY](https://iptvplay.stream/en) - A simple web based IPTV player.
- [IPTVPlayer.stream](https://iptvplayer.stream/) - A free web-based IPTV stream player that lets you import, manage, and stream IPTV playlists directly in your browser.
- [PublicIPTV](https://publiciptv.com/) - A free online IPTV stream player that lets you explore and watch live TV from around the world.

> - [SupercamBR](http://listas.supercambr.com.br/) - Free online iptv web player whit channels around world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SupercamBR](http://listas.supercambr.com.br/) - Free online iptv web player with channels from all over the world.
```

- [Zoom Player](https://www.inmatrix.com/zplayer/) - Customizable media player for Windows PCs.
- [SimpleTV for Windows](http://plst.rf.gd/?i=1) - Free VLC-based application for Windows designed with IPTV features in mind such as favorites, EPG, TV archive, support for MPD, extensible by LUA plugins and EventGhost integration.
- [Open TV](https://github.com/Fredolx/open-tv) - Ultra-fast, simple and powerful cross-platform IPTV app.

> - [SupercamBR](https://www.supercambr.com.br/) - Open source iptv player and list sharing app for windows and android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SupercamBR](https://www.supercambr.com.br/) - Open source iptv player and list sharing app for Windows.
```

There is a separate list for Android apps: https://github.com/iptv-org/awesome-iptv?tab=readme-ov-file#android
